Fix Swift prereqs for push stories (#10106)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _includes/developer_guide/swift/push_notifications/push_stories.md

{% multi_lang_include developer_guide/prerequisites/swift.md %} You'll also need to [set up push notifications]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/push_notifications/?sdktab=swift), which includes implementing the `UNNotification` framework.

> The following SDK versions is required to receive Push Stories:

Author: ```suggestion
The following minimum SDK version is required to receive Push Stories:
```
